# QualityMC
QualityMC is a mod-pack that aims to make the Minecraft experience better, its main purpose is to add functions to the game that i believe should be there. Massive user interface improvements from advanced video settings all the way to search boxes and a much needed continue button at the main menu. Complete visual overhaul, the best shader-packs i could find as well as 4 resource packs (INCLUDING DARK MODE!!!) that make minecraft look a lot cleaner with a dynamic skybox, glowing nether and connected textures for countless blocks. New core game-play, plenty of new bosses in all of the default dimensions to fight, plenty of new tools and weapons, better elyctras they don't take up your chest-plate slot anymore, more totems and plenty of other items to fool around with. Hundreds of NEW biomes to explore so that you will never get bored with minor details like falling leaves and more particle effects to add player immersion. Complete cave overhaul, plenty of new cave types to explore with foliage mushrooms and other cool things to find as well as new ores. Countless performance improvements, i went out of my way and dug to the deepest, darkest parts of CURSEFORGE to find the best mods i could, to make the pack perform as well as it possibly could so anyone can enjoy it lag free. Overhauled Audio, new well-fitting sounds for almost any situations in any environment that you could possibly imagine as well as the long needed ability to change your audio devices. Overhauled Camera, an entire new feel for the camera with a slight shake and directional movement as well as a re-done response to taking damage. More animations and models, you now have the ability to see your feet! i always thought it was odd that you cant see your character and now you can, animations for almost everything and you can see all of them in 3rd person even an animation for moving chests.
